PREFACB.

Τπ following work consiste of two distinct parts. The
first is an abstract of Andrews and Stoddard's Latin Gram-
rnar. compersing the most important principles of that work,
together with its paradigrus. As the abridgment is intended
to serve as sn introduction to the larger Gremmar, the lan·
guage and arrangement of the latter are in general retained. .

The second part consists of Exercrses in Syntns, ltooding
Lessons, and a Vocabulary.

The Exercises are designed to illustrate the principal ndes
of Latin construction, and to render the student familiar with
the various grammatica] inflectioru. 'Taeyare divided into
two parts. The first consiste of Latin sentences exemplifying
the rules under which they are severally arranged3 the
second, of English exemplos, in the translation of which into
Latin the same principles are to bs applied
· The Reading Lessons cousist of three parts. The first,
embracing a brief compendium of the Life of Joseph, is taken,
with only a few slight alterations, from the well-known
Epitomo Historiae Sacrae of Prof. Lhomond. The remaining
parts, consisting of Fablas, and a version, with some ‚vano-⁴
tions, of an ancient aad popular English tals, are taken from
the lessam of Broder To the Reading lessons are subjoined
notes, seraing to explain the more difficult grammatica] con·
etmctions by reference to the principles contained in tha

mem·

 

